is this even real I remember getting the
message about this and being
like but actually I kind of like it and
if you're wondering what I'm referencing
this this seemingly ordinary network
switch to the 24 Port ubiquity switch
has RGB and not just like it has lights
every single one of these RJ45 ports has
RGB lighting for why because why not
that's exactly why but also so you can
like show what devices are in there and
what's connected but damn it sounds so
cool we've got standard ubiquity
accessory package here crack that open
Hardware kit that's going to be your
rack ear thingies this is the fancy
locking cable that they seem to be
including on most of their switches
these days and then
there are the little rack ears I'm
expecting in here that this is going to
look pretty
much the same as previous ubiquity
switches I I don't think you're going to
be able to see I mean I don't know I
haven't really looked at it that closely
let's see maybe you can
tell that they're different I guess it's
got to be transparent in some capacity
what oh yeah oh yeah you see in there
you see how it's white in the back you
can see that right this is an Enterprise
xg4 oh yeah it's black in the back
because RGB before we continue much
further I should probably introduce this
switch this is the new Pro Max 24 Poe
part of their new Pro Max lineup just
like the iPhone yep it's almost like the
CEO used to work at Apple or something
you can see right there it even says
usw prom Max I'm going to be honest I
feel like ubiquity lineup is getting a
little bit confusing you have like the
old switches which are listed as like in
Brackets gen one on their website you
have the pro series you have Enterprise
you have Pro Max now you have I think
what else is there there's got to be
more oh there's even standard I forgot
about the standard ones there's so many
freaking switches there's even
aggregation which is confusing because
one of the aggregations is a pro
aggregation and the other is just an
aggregation is that one a standard
product line item and that one a pro
product line item I don't know the point
I'm trying to get across here is I'm
just confused I'm going to put that
aside for now and just focus on the
things we do understand like what kind
of ports are on this switch we have
eight Poe plus ports over here these
just run at gigabit we've got another
eight Poe plus plus ports so those are
you know a fair bit of wattage compared
to these and then we have poe+ plus 2.5
gig which is something I've been wanting
to see on a ubiquity switch for a while
now and the reason for that is we have
2.5 gig U6 Enterprise access points so
if I want to run those at 2.5 gig and
also have Poe Plus+ I have to do that on
two different switches at least up until
now and then over here we' got two 10
gig ports pretty standard on a switch of
this tier I like that compared to some
of previous 24 Port Poe switches all of
the ports are in a single line like this
so if for using little cables to go into
a patch panel that's the next rack unit
up you don't have to like run cables
like they just go one one one one one
nice and smooth which makes sense
because it seems like a big part of this
switch is well looks given the RGB we're
going to turn that on soon we got their
standard screen over there I'll rip the
little sticker off and around back we've
got the AC power port that's the Locking
style I mentioned earlier and then this
guy which is like a DC power in that
they use with their redundant power
setup I really wish I would stop seeing
this and just give me just give me two
of these two power supplies on the
Enterprise line Maybe please let's turn
the bloody thing on but not before I
tell you about today's sponsor pulseway
which is perfect because we're talking
about networking and managing your
networking and your it including your
RGB Network switches shouldn't be a
headache and pulseway wants to make
running important actions on your
systems much easier they're a mobile
first platform because you should be
free to live your life and use it from
anywhere and pulseway lets you monitor
manage and troubleshoot those systems
from the comfort of your home on your
phone it integrates smoothie Le slack
Bit Defender zenes and more so
experience system management without
being tied to your desk by checking out
a free trial of pulseway at the link
down below got the little UniFi Express
um it's it's a Gateway and an AP in
one and then our XG 24 we're wired up to
ethernet so oh wait did it do a thing oh
it's doing things that's so cool it's
it's not going to make your your games
run faster your downloads go faster or
your network more stable unless I guess
you had like a really bad switch before
but there is some utility to this it's
not just a looks cool gimmick imagine
you had a rack full of switches and
you're like damn where is that device
and you could just click on the port and
go blink I mean yeah you can blink a
switch Port normally but imagine all of
the other switches are blinking right
well now there's a second light that's a
lot bigger and more obvious or you have
you know a poop mix of like I got APS
spread across and I've got you know
access controls spread across all of
these you know hundreds of ports you can
have them color coded so say your APS
are set to purple and your access
control is set to yellow and then normal
devices are set to black or what about
this hey VLAN configuration oh that Port
set to the security VLAN it's just an
easy visual thing and to ubiquity point
there was a lot of people just being
like ha that's a stupid gimmick but like
who cares it's it's just a bonus feature
the problem with this product it's not
really their fault and I don't really
know that there was a way around it if
you have normal ethernet cables like
this one that are blue have a blue boot
you can't
see this one's not so bad because it's
clear on this end um I did try to find a
cable oh yeah here this is actually one
of ubiquity own patch cables so uh talk
about thinking ahead hey so you plug
that one in you actually you can't see
anything yeah well okay you can you can
but it's definitely not as cool as this
one where it's fully transparent and you
can see through so if you're thinking
about buying one of these switches cuz
you like RGB consider the fact that you
might have to replace literally all of
your cables while this is a transparent
one that works decently well it's not
the most optimal ubiquity sells specific
ether lighting cables which is what
they're calling this RGB system that are
translucent so they kind kind of catch
some of the light and diffuse it that's
going to give you the best effect for
sure these ones actually look okay
because I just see it kind of bouncing
off and this one actually is the hardest
to see oh but also studio lights can we
can we um we can turn off can we turn
them off for a second oh it looks pretty
cool man it's not useless if you don't
have the special cables but it is
definitely not as good as long as you
don't have patch cables that are are one
100% opaque it's interesting that the
default is just strobing white you
notice the uh the port LEDs aren't on
you see how there's LEDs up here to like
indicate a connection they're off down
here are any of them on I'm I'm very
curious to see what options it gives you
for like automatic colors like for an
lacp link if you had you know a few
cables that were see had four cables
that were in an aggregate link you could
just be like I want those ones to be
green and then the other aggregate link
those ones are purple you know there's
lots of different ways to skin this cat
that's such a horrible saying there are
also three other switches in the lineup
a 48 port a 48 port with Poe and a 24
Port that isn't Poe we'll show their
specs on the screen somewhere here you
go come on turn on
for hey oh my God why are those ones
blue okay the coloring right now I'm
looking at am I screen recording I'm
screen recording the coloring I'm I'm
seeing right now seems to correspond
with the fact that they're 2.5 gig it's
matching what is
shown here if I go to settings I have
two options neither of them are selected
I can do speed or
network and I can set brightness colors
default let's try
green oh yeah there we go that is not
the green I
selected maybe not the highest CRI LEDs
let's try
purple hey okay that looks pretty cool
you know what I want to
see what does it look like with the
wrong
cables much less cool with not the right
cables transparent cables much better
all right I can do speed too okay if I
switch to speed this is cool you can set
the color of each speed you see that
they added RGB to that Port good job
ubiquity okay let's see hey look at that
that's pretty responsive now can I set a
specific port to a color I was kind of
expecting more
customizability I'm not going to lie in
the present State it's pretty basic you
can set it based on your VLAN like your
native untagged Network or you can set
it based on speed what I was talking
about before about changing the port
color to be based on the type of device
that's connected doesn't seem to be a
thing
it's only Network and speed and I can't
also just like go in and say I want this
one to be that color okay that's locate
right there that's pretty helpful if you
had a rack full of switches and you're
not really sure which one is which and
you were just like ah show me that
one that's pretty good it would be cool
if you have like 10 of these switches
and you did this it shut all of them off
and just blink to the one I don't have
another switch to test that but if
that's not the functionality they should
they should change that I feel like it's
probably just that it's early stages and
more of these kind of ideas and features
will get added later on to make this
more useful it's got most of the
usefulness so far by device type would
be nice and being able to just like
paint colors as I want would also be
cool maybe I have certain things plugged
in that it wouldn't recognize as a
device type like say I don't know I have
these ones are computers and these ones
are wall ports and whatever and I want
to color it myself
it would be good to be able to do that
if I pick the
closest other switch they
have feature wise the pro 24 Poe which
has been around for a while they're both
layer 3 capable have 400 WS of power
output have the same amount of ports
they both have the 10 gigs here and then
24 other ports it's a $1 more for this
one but you're also getting 2.5 gig on
eight of the ports
that's pretty much oh yeah you also get
more Poe Plus+ ports although you don't
necessarily have more power budget to
use it per se it doesn't seem to be
ridiculously more expensive or anything
I mean $100 I could easily see a network
vendor charging just for the fact that
it has 8 2.5 gig ports like I I could
totally see that but overall I mean it's
cool they should just put this on all of
the switches as long as it doesn't
really increase the price um hopefully
we can get translucent cables that work
good with it from other vendors for less
money and hopefully they make the
software more flexible I really want to
be able to just like paint them any
color I want or set it by device or
adjust the effect maybe I just want my
switch to be like rainbow they have that
in the product photo you know when you
adopted it it was like rainbow what why
doesn't it do that I don't know what
happened oh my God thank you
ah I updated to the next version which
is like 0 too higher and now I can turn
off breathing mode this looks way better
like this I probably wait a few more
months and see what sort of features
they enable but it's cool and just props
to ubiquity for trying to do something a
little bit different in a market segment
that just like doesn't change at all
like oh the there's faster ports woo so
if you like this video and other
networking videos hit the like button
get subscribed tell me in the comments
what you think about this